Cyberspace and its underlying infrastructure are vulnerable to a wide range of risk stemming from both physical and cyber threats and hazards. Sophisticated cyber actors and nation-states exploit vulnerabilities to steal information and money and are developing capabilities to disrupt, destroy, or threaten the delivery of essential services.

1):For cybersecurity, CISA's main focus areas include: Combatting Cyber Crime and Cyber Incident Response. Securing Federal Networks, Protecting Critical Infrastructure, and providing Cybersecurity Governance. Promoting Information Sharing, Training and Exercises, and Cyber Safety information.When cyber incidents occur, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) provides assistance to potentially impacted entities, analyzes the potential impact across critical infrastructure, investigates those responsible in conjunction with law enforcement partners, and coordinates the national response to significant.
In general, a Cyber Security engineer must have the following qualifications: Degree in Computer Science, IT, Systems Engineering, or a similar field. Two years of work experience in Cyber Security related duties such as incident detection and response, and forensics.

2):
LINES OF EFFORT:The Federal Government has three lines of effort in cyber incident response. No single agency
possesses all of the authorities, capabilities, and
expertise to deal unilaterally with a significant
cyber incident.

Asset Response: Asset response efforts involve
furnishing technical assistance to affected entities
to help them recover from the incident. The
Department of Homeland Security (DHS), through
the National Cybersecurity and Communications
Integration Center (NCCIC), is the lead federal
agency for asset response activities for significant
cyber incidents.

Threat Response: Threat response efforts involve
the investigation of the crime. The Department of
Justice (DOJ), through the FBI and the National
Cyber Investigative Joint Task Force (NCIJTF), is the
lead federal agency for threat response activities
for significant cyber incidents.

Intelligence Support: Intelligence support efforts
involve creating situational awareness about cyber
threats. The Office of the Director of National
Intelligence (ODNI), through the Cyber Threat
Intelligence Integration Center (CTIIC), is the lead federal agency for intelligence support and related
activities for significant cyber incidents. The CTIIC
does not work with the affected entity; it supports
the government effort. 

Accessing your personal computers, mobile phones, gaming systems and other internet and Bluetooth connected devices.
Damaging your financial security, including identity theft.
Blocking your access or deleting your personal information and accounts.
Targeting children and adults.
Complicating your employment, business services, transportation and power grid.

